README.md, before:

# Spec Coder

![Spec Coder](https://i.imgur.com/lPWpSSo.png)

Spec Coder empowers you to code faster and smarter with AI assistance. Spec Coder integrates seamlessly with Visual Studio Code, providing you with intelligent code suggestions, automated completion, and real-time analysis. With Spec Coder, you can also enjoy AI-driven chat support for instant coding assistance, making your coding experience more efficient and enjoyable.

This extension is maintained by Harish Kumar, creator of [Qirolab.com](https://qirolab.com).

## Video Tutorial

Watch our video tutorial to get started with Spec Coder: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbte-HpDpkU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbte-HpDpkU)

## AI Providers

You have the option to choose between two powerful AI providers:

- **OpenAI**: Utilize advanced models like ChatGPT, GPT-4, and more from OpenAI for a versatile AI experience.
  - **Get Your OpenAI API Key:** Head over to [https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) and create an account (if you don't have one already). Once logged in, navigate to the API section and generate a new API key. You'll need to copy and paste this key into Spec Coder's settings for OpenAI access.
- **Gemini Pro**: Harness the capabilities of Gemini Pro for enhanced AI support.
  - **Get Your Gemini AI API Key:** Visit [https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey](https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey) and sign in with your Google account. This will take you to Google AI Studio where you can access the "Get API Key" option. Choose to create a new API key or select an existing Google Cloud project. Once created, copy and paste this key into Spec Coder's settings for Gemini Pro access.

## Features

Spec Coder offers a wide range of features designed to enhance your coding workflow:

- AI Chat ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Code Generation
- Unit Test Generation
- Docstring Generation
- Generate Regex (Create Regular Expressions with Ease)
- Explain Code (Understand Your Code Better) ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Refactor Code (Improve Code Quality) ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Find Complexity (Analyze Code Complexity) ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Find Bugs ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Generate Commit Messages ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Ask AI (Ask anything AI about the selected code) ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))

Purchase a licence at [https://qirolab.com/spec-coder](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder) to access PREMIUM features. Features not marked as PREMIUM are free and always will be free.

### AI Chat

Get instant coding assistance and guidance through an interactive AI chat interface. Ask questions, receive suggestions, and troubleshoot problems in real-time.

![AI Chat](https://i.imgur.com/VDoecOn.gif)

### Generate Code

Accelerate development by generating code snippets, boilerplate code, and even entire functions based on your specifications.

![Generate Code](https://i.imgur.com/NbltWdy.gif)

### Generate Unit Test

Create comprehensive unit tests automatically to ensure code correctness and maintainability. Save time and improve test coverage.

![Generate Unit Test](https://i.imgur.com/uDeGIev.gif)

### Generate Docstring

Effortlessly produce informative docstrings for functions, classes, and other code elements, enhancing code readability and maintainability. Save time on writing documentation by automatically generating descriptive comments for your functions and methods.

![Generate Docstring](https://i.imgur.com/MWZH7m7.gif)

### Generate Regex

Create regular expressions effortlessly with AI assistance. Specify patterns and constraints, and let Spec Coder generate the appropriate regex for your needs.

![Generate Regex](https://i.imgur.com/4f7NMuY.gif)

### Explain Code

Gain deeper understanding of existing code with AI-powered explanations. Get insights into how code works and why specific implementations are chosen.

![Explain Code](https://i.imgur.com/jNNFh7B.gif)

### Refactor Code

Improve code quality and maintainability with AI-driven refactoring suggestions. Optimize code structure, performance, and maintainability with ease.

![Refactor Code](https://i.imgur.com/HAaP1ri.gif)

### Find Complexity

Quickly analyze the complexity of your code and identify areas for improvement. Optimize performance and readability by understanding the complexity of different code segments.

![Find Complexity](https://i.imgur.com/zY4GyyV.gif)

### Find Bug

Identify and resolve bugs quickly using AI-powered detection. Discover potential errors and vulnerabilities before they cause issues and receive suggestions for resolving them in your code.

![Find Bug](https://i.imgur.com/ZrY7Q6r.gif)

### Generate Commit Message

Automate your commit messages with AI-generated suggestions, ensuring concise and accurate version control history.

![Generate Commit Message](https://i.imgur.com/6Xm95X5.gif)

### Ask AI (Ask anything to AI about selected code)

Highlight the code you're interested in and ask AI anything to instantly gain valuable insights, explanations, and assistance.

![Ask AI](https://i.imgur.com/iPolPbo.gif)

## Download Spec Coder
 Don't miss out - enhance your coding workflow today with Spec Coder!

<a href="https://qirolab.gumroad.com/l/spec-coder">
    <img src="https://i.imgur.com/hzwIK3z.png" width="200"/>
</a>

## Feedback and Support

We value your feedback! If you have any suggestions, bug reports, questions or encounter any issues, please don't hesitate to reach out to us on GitHub: [https://github.com/qirolab/spec-coder-issues](https://github.com/qirolab/spec-coder-issues)

Happy coding with Spec Coder! 🚀

Commit message:

feat: Integrate Hugging Face and Ollama for enhanced AI capabilities

README.md, after:

# Spec Coder

![Spec Coder](https://i.imgur.com/NBmz95e.png)

Spec Coder empowers you to code faster and smarter with AI assistance. Spec Coder integrates seamlessly with Visual Studio Code, providing you with intelligent code suggestions, automated completion, and real-time analysis. With Spec Coder, you can also enjoy AI-driven chat support for instant coding assistance, making your coding experience more efficient and enjoyable.

This extension is maintained by Harish Kumar, creator of [Qirolab.com](https://qirolab.com).

## Video Tutorial

Watch our video tutorial to get started with Spec Coder: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3Gg13O00KA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3Gg13O00KA)

## AI Providers

You have the option to choose between two powerful AI providers:

- **OpenAI**: Utilize advanced models like ChatGPT, GPT-4, and more from OpenAI for a versatile AI experience.
  - **Get Your OpenAI API Key:** Head over to [https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) and create an account (if you don't have one already). Once logged in, navigate to the API section and generate a new API key. You'll need to copy and paste this key into Spec Coder's settings for OpenAI access.
- **Gemini Pro**: Harness the capabilities of Gemini Pro for enhanced AI support.
  - **Get Your Gemini AI API Key:** Visit [https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey](https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey) and sign in with your Google account. This will take you to Google AI Studio where you can access the "Get API Key" option. Choose to create a new API key or select an existing Google Cloud project. Once created, copy and paste this key into Spec Coder's settings for Gemini Pro access.
- **Hugging Face:** Leverage the vast open-source library of pre-trained models on Hugging Face for specific coding tasks. Spec Coder will integrate seamlessly with Hugging Face, allowing you to explore a wide range of models for tasks like code generation, AI Chat etc.
  - **Get Your Access Tokens:** Visit [https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens) and create an account (if you don't have one already). Once logged in, navigate to the Access Tokens section and generate a new token. You'll need to copy and paste this token into Spec Coder's settings for Hugging Face access.
- **Ollama:** Tap into the capabilities of Ollama, a platform focused on large language models for developer needs. Ollama offers various models trained on code, enabling functionalities like code completion and debugging assistance. Unlike other providers, Ollama can be installed locally on your machine, allowing you to use its features even without an internet connection.

## Features

Spec Coder offers a wide range of features designed to enhance your coding workflow:

- AI Chat ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Auto complete Your Code with AI ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Trigger manually Code Generation
- Unit Test Generation
- Docstring Generation
- Explain Code (Understand Your Code Better) ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Refactor Code (Improve Code Quality) ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Find Complexity (Analyze Code Complexity) ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Find Bugs ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Generate Commit Messages ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))
- Ask AI (Ask anything AI about the selected code) ([Premium](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder))

Purchase a licence at [https://qirolab.com/spec-coder](https://qirolab.com/spec-coder) to access PREMIUM features. Features not marked as PREMIUM are free and always will be free.

### AI Chat

Get instant coding assistance and guidance through an interactive AI chat interface. Ask questions, receive suggestions, and troubleshoot problems in real-time.

![AI Chat](https://i.imgur.com/VDoecOn.gif)

### Auto complete Your Code with AI
Spec Coder's AI-powered autocomplete predicts your next move, suggesting code snippets, functions, and variables as you type. Reduce errors, write faster, and focus on the creative aspects of coding.

![Auto complete Your Code](https://i.imgur.com/g7jNbJz.gif)

### Trigger manually Code Generation
Even if you have disabled Spec Coder's autocomplete in the configuration settings, you can still use AI to write code efficiently. Simply initiate manual code generation and provide instructions. By doing so, you can speed up development by generating code snippets, boilerplate code, and even complete functions based on your specifications.

![Generate Code](https://i.imgur.com/NbltWdy.gif)

### Generate Unit Test

Create comprehensive unit tests automatically to ensure code correctness and maintainability. Save time and improve test coverage.

![Generate Unit Test](https://i.imgur.com/uDeGIev.gif)

### Generate Docstring

Effortlessly produce informative docstrings for functions, classes, and other code elements, enhancing code readability and maintainability. Save time on writing documentation by automatically generating descriptive comments for your functions and methods.

![Generate Docstring](https://i.imgur.com/MWZH7m7.gif)

### Generate Commit Message

Automate your commit messages with AI-generated suggestions, ensuring concise and accurate version control history.

![Generate Commit Message](https://i.imgur.com/6Xm95X5.gif)

### Explain Code

Gain deeper understanding of existing code with AI-powered explanations. Get insights into how code works and why specific implementations are chosen.

![Explain Code](https://i.imgur.com/jNNFh7B.gif)

### Refactor Code

Improve code quality and maintainability with AI-driven refactoring suggestions. Optimize code structure, performance, and maintainability with ease.

![Refactor Code](https://i.imgur.com/HAaP1ri.gif)

### Find Complexity

Quickly analyze the complexity of your code and identify areas for improvement. Optimize performance and readability by understanding the complexity of different code segments.

![Find Complexity](https://i.imgur.com/zY4GyyV.gif)

### Find Bug

Identify and resolve bugs quickly using AI-powered detection. Discover potential errors and vulnerabilities before they cause issues and receive suggestions for resolving them in your code.

![Find Bug](https://i.imgur.com/ZrY7Q6r.gif)

### Ask AI (Ask anything to AI about selected code)

Highlight the code you're interested in and ask AI anything to instantly gain valuable insights, explanations, and assistance.

![Ask AI](https://i.imgur.com/iPolPbo.gif)

## Download Spec Coder
 Don't miss out - enhance your coding workflow today with Spec Coder!

<a href="https://qirolab.com/spec-coder">
    <img src="https://i.imgur.com/hzwIK3z.png" width="200"/>
</a>

## Feedback and Support

We value your feedback! If you have any suggestions, bug reports, questions or encounter any issues, please don't hesitate to reach out to us on GitHub: [https://github.com/qirolab/spec-coder-issues](https://github.com/qirolab/spec-coder-issues)

Happy coding with Spec Coder! 🚀
